docs(python): update integrations for stream mode (#18526)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/celery/index.mdx

    # Enqueueing a task to be processed by Celery
    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="calling-a-celery-task"):

>     # or sentry_sdk.traces.start_span(name="your_span_name", parent_span=None) in stream mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="calling-a-celery-task"):
    # or sentry_sdk.traces.start_span(name="calling-a-celery-task", parent_span=None) in stream mode
```
